[Pages] API with Workers tutorial revision (#2062)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/tutorials/build-an-api-with-workers/index.md

## Introduction

In this tutorial, you will build an API on [Cloudflare Workers](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/serverless/glossary/serverless-and-cloudflare-workers/) that can be used by your Pages application. Workers serve as a great companion to your front-end applications on Cloudflare Pages. In this tutorial, you will build a simple JSON API that returns blog posts that can be retrieved and rendered in a frontend application.

This tutorial contains two, separate applications: the backend, a [serverless](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/) API deployed on Cloudflare Workers, and the front end, built with React and deployed using Cloudflare Pages.

> If you are interested in a more comprehensive approach to building applications like this, you may benefit from moving from a serverless API for your content to a headless CMS — refer to the [headless CMS tutorial] to learn more.

Reviewer: Missing link for headless CMS tutorial?

### Publishing with Cloudflare Pages

Publishing your project with Cloudflare Pages is an easy, two-step process: first, push your project to GitHub, and then in the Cloudflare Pages dashboard, set up a new project based on that GitHub repository. 

> Pages will deploy a new version of your site each time you publish, and will even set up preview deployments whenever you open a new pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pages will deploy a new version of your site each time you publish and will set up preview deployments whenever you open a new pull request.
```

To push your project to GitHub, [create a new repository](https://repo.new), and follow the instructions to push your local Git repository to GitHub.

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** and selecting **Create a project**. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, choose **React** -- Pages will set the correct fields for you automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** and selecting **Create a project**. Select the new GitHub repository that you created and, in the **Set up builds and deployments** section, choose **React** -- Pages will automatically apply the correct build settings for you.
```

zone_id = "$zoneId"
```

Now, when you run `wrangler publish`, your API will be published and served on `myblog.com`, but only when you visit a route matching `/api*` -- this means that your basic routes (`/`, `/posts/:id`, etc.) will be sent to your front-end Pages application, but any API routes will be intercepted and handled by your Workers application.

## Conclusion

> In this tutorial, you built a full blog application by combining a front end deployed with Cloudflare Pages, and a serverless API built with Cloudflare Workers. You can find the source code for both codebases on GitHub:

Reviewer 2: This article now flip-flops a ton between `front-end` and `front end` – neither of which are actually the common form in the programming community at large.

Author: @lukeed 'front end' noun, 'front-end' compound adjective reasoning

Reviewer 2: Understood, but frontend is effectively a proper noun. As a term, it's always referring to the same thing 🤷

- Blog frontend: https://github.com/signalnerve/blog-frontend
- Serverless API: https://github.com/signalnerve/serverless-api

> If you enjoyed this tutorial, refer to the [headless CMS tutorial] to learn how to build a blog using Nuxt.js and Sanity.io.

Reviewer: Why wouldn't this just be an inline link?

Reviewer: Just ignore me here
![download](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26727299/129373033-89d3d03c-d9a3-4f60-a0bf-5528cc5e0717.gif)
